Mmm, what a delicious fish,
There is no seasoning on the island. How did you cook it?
It's very simple, get some sea water,
Use a clothes pot to boil, then add a fluidized lid.
Finally, it is boiled and stir-fried to get the edible salt.
These nights are all from the trees on the island,
All are natural flavors.
I'm so awesome at returning it to you. I admire you more and more.
Xia Ziha, you are so amazing,
There is always a way. I have already eaten the unfinished fish meat and turned it into dried fish.
Then hang on Natsuko.
From now on we will have plants everywhere.
I must express this to you
If only some people were like you
We're not interested
Think about it yourself and do it
what did you do